This is my final project for Web Development 1. For this project, I chose to create an example website that contains resources for librarians to use when planning storytime programs for preschoolers. My ultimate plan for this site would be to compile/link to the large amounts of storytime content that librarians have already published, so that there was one easily accessible source of ideas for planning programs. For the purposes of this course, though, I have kept it pretty simple - I have created several pages that display ideas for six different storytime themes. To save time for myself, and also to have some fun, I asked ChatGPT to create booklists with fake titles and authors, had it write its own rhymes and songs, and had it come up with some early literacy tips for librarians to share with parents. 

Note: only the landing page (index.html) and the Booklists page have been populated with actual content. The others have labeled header images but I haven't input actual content, they just have placeholders. In a real instance of the site I would most likely use different formatting on some of these pages, depending on what is being displayed. But that's something to work on in the future, since at this point I'm just focused on making something visually appealing with the required features. In addition to fuller content, I'd like to add search functionality to the header.

For my required features, I went with:
    1. Create a responsive menu with CSS - for phones and tablets, a hamburger menu is displayed; for desktop, links appear in the navigation bar
    2. Create accordion boxes to display different types of information - smaller screens will display the main content on the landing page in accordion boxes
    3. Add your own transition animation(s) to an element on hover - the accordion boxes change color on hover
    4. Bonus (in case): Run PageSpeed Insights from Google and get a score of 60 or better - the page got a 65 on desktop and 64 on mobile. https://pagespeed.web.dev/analysis/https-jennyplummer-github-io-storytimeresource/du8945547b?form_factor=desktop
